BEIJING, CHINA
Now we're on the same page.
Now I feel that we're actually all Korean.
Of course we are.
You're hurting my feelings.
400 million dollars?
Our nationalities may be different,
what matters is
that our hearts are one.
I couldn't agree more.
All right. I think it's time
to clink our glasses.
Not just this time
but for the next elections to come,
we should work together like this.
In that sense, I want to say something.
-What?
-You can say it.
As you know, it's the election season,
so we don't have much spare money.
So it'll be hard to prepare
four times what we originally promised.
Gosh, Mr. Eun.
You worry too much for your own good.
We're about to win the war, so why worry
about how much we can come up with?
Right?
I'll go to the restroom for a bit.
It's not easy to establish
a new administration, is it?
Why the hell
are you ruining what's almost done?
What he demands is four times as much.
What's the use of winning the war
when we're going to be left with no money?
Do you think Code 1 will like it?
What is wrong with you?
Are you stupid? Or have you gone senile?
What?
I understand.
I get what you mean.
If we lose this election,
Code 1, Code 2,
and you and I are all done for.
Everyone is predicting
that we're going to win.
This is just an insurance.
No one knows until the election's over.
If we lose, we'll all be dead. Literally.
All of us.
We'll rob the vault.
The vault?
Lost money that even Code 1
and the Assembly don't know
how much it is.
The ANSP's secret fund
that requires no receipts.
I'm so glad that you joined us, Dr. Kang.
The most difficult part of Mahjong
is to gather four people to play.
Pong!
Let me join you often.
I'll come whenever you call me.
I'll drop out after this one.
Oh, my. I guess you're not feeling
very well today.
Is it because what he said
about 13 virgins is bothering you?
No?
Right. I guess you're right.
Unless 13 young virgins die…
Stop it.
You should watch what you say.
What is that about?
Unless 13 young virgins die,
something bad will happen
to her husband, apparently.
I'm grateful for worrying about me,
but to be honest,
I don't think it's something